README.md, before:

# Quaspec Payment Infrastructure Project 

The project provides a RESTful API to handle request processing and also using basic controller 
entities.

The project provides a RESTful API to manage the domain entities in com.quatspec.persistence.domain package
entities.

## How to set up

For the backend an embedded H2 Database is used. Project data is initialized upon application start-up using the
*[sql/init.sql](recrt-persistence/src/main/resources/sql/init.sql)*
script present at **recrt-peristence** package.
There are 3 users pre-loaded on the initialization *init.sql* script:

username | password | email
---|---|---
user1 | 1111 | user1@smava.de
user2 | 2222 | user2@smava.de
user3 | 3333 | user3@smava.de

**user1** is the only user with **ROLE_ADMIN** so, is the only who can use some of the entry points, for example, *get users*.

## How to run it

This is a multi-layer Maven project built using **Spring framework: 5.1.0.RELEASE**.

To build the project just execute maven `mvn clean package` commands from the project root, with this you'll get a generated war file on target folder.

If you want to run the project in an embedded Tomcat instance execute `mvn tomcat7:run` command also from the project root.

## RESTful API

The API provides the following interfaces

### Login
**POST rest/login**

Request:
```
Headers:
Accept: application/json
Content-Type: application/json
Body: { "username":"user1", "password":"1111" }
```

Login success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: {"username":"user1","loggedIn":true}
```
Login incorrect response:
```
Code: 200
Body: {"loggedIn":false}
```
Login error reponse:
```
Code: 400
Body: empty
```

### Logout
**DELETE rest/login**

Request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json, Content-Type: application/json
Body: { "username":"user1", "password":"1111" }
```

Logout success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: empty
```
Logout error reponse:
```
Code: 400
Body: empty
```

### Get users
**GET rest/users**

Request:
```
Headers:
Accept: application/json
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: [{"username":"user1","email":"user1@smava.de"},{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"},{"username":"user3","email":"user3@smava.de"}]
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```

### Get accounts
**GET rest/accounts**

request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: [{"iban":"TESTIBAN0","bic":"TESTBIC0","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}]
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```
### Create account
**POST rest/accounts**

request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json
Body: {"iban":"TESTIBAN1","bic":"TESTBIC1","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: {"iban":"TESTIBAN1","bic":"TESTBIC1","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```

### Get accounts
**GET rest/payments**

request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: [{"iban":"TESTIBAN0","bic":"TESTBIC0","IUser":{"username":"user5","email":"user5@quaspec.ng"}}]
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```
### Create account
**POST rest/accounts**

request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json
Body: {"iban":"TESTIBAN1","bic":"TESTBIC1","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: {"iban":"TESTIBAN1","bic":"TESTBIC1","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```

## How to test it

To verify if it's correctly working you can use, for example with **curl**, read the manual using `man curl` to get details about how to use it, some examples bellow using our local running server on **http://localhost:8080**(#How-to-run-it):

##### GET request example
This example will make a **GET** request on path *rest/users*, the cookie content is gotten from a successfully login request.
```
 curl -XGET -H'Accept: application/json' -H'Content-Type: application/json' --cookie "JSESSIONID=F642BF70B000FE382DE92E5F7A024C08" -D- http://localhost:8080/rest/users
```
you'll get in your terminal something similar to this with the *status code* on the first line and the *body of the response* in the last one
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: Apache-Coyote/1.1
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate
Pragma: no-cache
Expires: 0
X-Frame-Options: DENY
Set-Cookie: JSESSIONID=F9DEDD5E6162EF2A96B443C72764A3DE; Path=/; HttpOnly
Content-Type: application/json
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Date: Tue, 23 May 2017 12:06:08 GMT

{"username":"user1","loggedIn":true}
```

##### POST request example
This example will make a **POST** request on path *rest/login* in our local running server on *localhost:8080*
```
curl -XPOST -H'Accept: application/json' -H'Content-Type: application/json' -d'{"username":"user1","password":"1111"}' -D- http://localhost:8080/rest/login
```
you'll get in your terminal something like this with the status code on the first line and the body of the response in the last one
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: Apache-Coyote/1.1
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate
Pragma: no-cache
Expires: 0
X-Frame-Options: DENY
Set-Cookie: JSESSIONID=F9DEDD5E6162EF2A96B443C72764A3DE; Path=/; HttpOnly
Content-Type: application/json
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Date: Tue, 23 May 2017 12:06:08 GMT

{"username":"user1","loggedIn":true}
```

Commit message:

Add Product, Payment, Institution, Organization classes, abstract classes and Interfaces in persistence, api, services and web layers.
Front End General View added

APIs for Authentication, User, BankAccount and Organization completed

README.md, after:

# Payspec Payment Infrastructure Project 

The project provides RESTful APIs to handle Payments processing.

## How to set up
At deployment project uses a servlet installer to install super ADMIN into the database. The is the Customer Key or Super Admin of the entire system.


**user1** is the only user with **ROLE_ADMIN** so, is the only who can use some of the entry points, for example, *get users*.

## How to run it

This is a multi-layer Maven project built using **Spring framework: 5.1.0.RELEASE**.

To build the project just execute maven `mvn clean package` commands from the project root, with this you'll get a generated war file on target folder.

If you want to run the project in an embedded Tomcat instance execute `mvn tomcat7:run` command also from the project root.

## RESTful API

The API provides the following interfaces

### Login
**POST rest/api/login**

Request:
```
Headers:
Accept: application/json
Content-Type: application/json
Body: { "username":"user1", "password":"1111" }
```

Login success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: {"username":"user1","loggedIn":true}
```
Login incorrect response:
```
Code: 200
Body: {"loggedIn":false}
```
Login error reponse:
```
Code: 400
Body: empty
```

### Logout
**DELETE rest/api/login**

Request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json, Content-Type: application/json
Body: { "username":"user1", "password":"1111" }
```

Logout success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: empty
```
Logout error reponse:
```
Code: 400
Body: empty
```

### Get users
**GET rest/api/users**

Request:
```
Headers:
Accept: application/json
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: [{"username":"user1","email":"user1@smava.de"},{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"},{"username":"user3","email":"user3@smava.de"}]
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```

### Get accounts
**GET rest/api/accounts**

request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: [{"iban":"TESTIBAN0","bic":"TESTBIC0","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}]
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```
### Create account
**POST rest/api/accounts**

request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json
Body: {"iban":"TESTIBAN1","bic":"TESTBIC1","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: {"iban":"TESTIBAN1","bic":"TESTBIC1","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```

### Get accounts
**GET rest/api/payments**

request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: [{"iban":"TESTIBAN0","bic":"TESTBIC0","IUser":{"username":"user5","email":"user5@quaspec.ng"}}]
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```
### Create account
**POST rest/api/payments**

request:
```
Headers: Accept: application/json
Body: {"iban":"TESTIBAN1","bic":"TESTBIC1","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}
```
success response:
```
Code: 200
Body: {"iban":"TESTIBAN1","bic":"TESTBIC1","appUser":{"username":"user2","email":"user2@smava.de"}}
```
unauthorized response:
```
Code: 401
Body: empty
```

## How to test it

To verify if it's correctly working you can use, for example with **curl**, read the manual using `man curl` to get details about how to use it, some examples bellow using our local running server on **http://localhost:8080/quatspec **(#How-to-run-it):

##### GET request example
This example will make a **GET** request on path *rest/api/users*, the cookie content is gotten from a successfully login request.
```
 curl -X GET -H'Accept: application/json' -H'Content-Type: application/json' --cookie "JSESSIONID=F642BF70B000FE382DE92E5F7A024C08" -D- http://localhost:8080/quatspec/rest/api/users
```
you'll get in your terminal something similar to this with the *status code* on the first line and the *body of the response* in the last one
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: Apache-Coyote/1.1
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate
Pragma: no-cache
Expires: 0
X-Frame-Options: DENY
Set-Cookie: JSESSIONID=F9DEDD5E6162EF2A96B443C72764A3DE; Path=/; HttpOnly
Content-Type: application/json
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Date: Tue, 23 May 2017 12:06:08 GMT

{"username":"user1","loggedIn":true}
```

##### POST request example
This example will make a **POST** request on path *rest/api/login* in our local running server on *localhost:/quatspec/8080*
```
curl -XPOST -H'Accept: application/json' -H'Content-Type: application/json' -d'{"username":"user1","password":"1111"}' -D- http://localhost:8080/rest/api/login
```
you'll get in your terminal something like this with the status code on the first line and the body of the response in the last one
```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Server: Apache-Coyote/1.1
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff
X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
Cache-Control: no-cache, no-store, max-age=0, must-revalidate
Pragma: no-cache
Expires: 0
X-Frame-Options: DENY
Set-Cookie: JSESSIONID=F9DEDD5E6162EF2A96B443C72764A3DE; Path=/; HttpOnly
Content-Type: application/json
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Date: Tue, 23 May 2017 12:06:08 GMT

{"username":"user1","loggedIn":true}
```
